Move Orbit docs (#8403)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/Adding-hosts.md

  - [Deploy the TLS certificate that osquery will use to communicate with Fleet](#deploy-the-tls-certificate-that-osquery-will-use-to-communicate-with-fleet)
  - [Launching osqueryd](#launching-osqueryd)
  - [Using a flag file to manage flags](#using-a-flag-file-to-manage-flags)
    - [Flag file on Windows](#flag-file-on-windows)
  - [Migrating from plain osquery to osquery installer](#migrating-from-plain-osquery-to-osquery-installer)
    - [Generate installer](#generate-installer)
    - [Migrate](#migrate)
- [Grant full disk access to osquery on macOS](#grant-full-disk-access-to-osquery-on-macos)
  - [Creating the configuration profile](#creating-the-configuration-profile)
    - [Obtaining identifiers](#obtaining-identifiers)
    - [Creating the profile](#creating-the-profile)
    - [Test the profile](#test-the-profile)

## Introduction

Fleet gathers information from an [osquery](https://github.com/osquery/osquery) agent installed on each of your hosts. The recomended way to install osquery is using [Orbit](./Orbit.md), Fleet's lightweight osquery runtime and autoupdater. 

> You can also install plain osquery on your hosts and connect to Fleet using osquery's `TLS API` plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also install plain osquery on your hosts and connect to Fleet using osquery's `TLS API` plugins.
```

## Add hosts with Orbit

> To create an Orbit installer, you can use the `fleetctl package` command. To use the `fleetctl package` command, you must first install the `fleetctl` command-line tool. Instructions for installing `fleetctl` can be found [here](https://fleetdm.com/fleetctl-preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an Orbit installer, you can use the `fleetctl package` command. To use the `fleetctl package` command, you must first install the `fleetctl` command-line tool. [Learn how to install `fleetctl`](https://fleetdm.com/fleetctl-preview).
```

> `fleetctl package` can be used to create an Orbit installer which adds macOS hosts (**.pkg**), Windows hosts (**.msi**), or Linux hosts (**.deb** or **.rpm**) to Fleet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fleetctl package` can create an Orbit installer, which adds macOS hosts (**.pkg**), Windows hosts (**.msi**), or Linux hosts (**.deb** or **.rpm**) to Fleet.
```

The following command creates an Orbit installer, `.pkg` file, which adds macOS hosts to Fleet. Locate this osquery installer in the folder where the `fleetctl package` command is run.

```sh
fleetctl package --type pkg --fleet-url=[YOUR FLEET URL] --enroll-secret=[YOUR ENROLLMENT SECRET]
```
  >**Note:** The only configuration option required to create an installer is `--type`, but to communicate with a Fleet instance, you'll need to specify a `--fleet-url` and `--enroll-secret`

When you install the generated Orbit installer on a host, this host will automatically enroll in the specified Fleet instance.

### Signing installers

>   >**Note:** Currently, `fleetclt package` does not provide support for signing Windows Orbit installers. Windows installers can be signed after building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  >**Note:** Currently, the `fleetclt package` does not provide support for signing Windows Orbit installers. Windows installers can be signed after building.
```

> `fleetctl package` provides support for signing and notarizing macOS osquery installers via the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fleetctl package` provides support for signing and notarizing macOS osquery installers via the
```

> `--sign-identity` and `--notarize` flags.- [Orbit installer](#orbit-installer)

Reviewer: @ksatter, is "Orbit  installer" supposed to be at the of this sentence? It doesn't seem to be connected.

Check out the example below:

```sh
  AC_USERNAME=appleid@example.com AC_PASSWORD=app-specific-password fleetctl package --type pkg --sign-identity=[PATH TO SIGN IDENTITY] --notarize --fleet-url=[YOUR FLEET URL] --enroll-secret=[YOUR ENROLLMENT SECRET]
```

> The above command should be run on a macOS device as notarizing and signing of macOS Oebit installers can only be done on macOS devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command should be run on a macOS device, as the notarizing and signing of macOS Orbit installers can only be done on macOS devices.
```
